=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006 - Read AutoCAD 10 DWG file.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006;

 my $dwg = CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006->new;
 my $dwg = CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::from_file($dwg_file);
 my $blocks_ar = $dwg->blocks;
 my $entities = $dwg->entities;
 my $header = $dwg->header;
 my $layers_ar = $dwg->layers;
 my $linetypes_ar = $dwg->linetypes;
 my $styles_ar = $dwg->styles;
 my $views_ar = $dwg->views;
 my $block_entities = $dwg->block_entities;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In distribution is kaitai structure definition file dwg_ac1006.ksy which
described AutoCAD DWG format version AC1006.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<new>

 my $dwg = CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006->new;

Constructor.

Returns instance of object.

=head2 C<from_file>

 my $dwg = CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006->from_file($dwg_file);

Create instance of object from DWG file.

Returns instance of object.

=head2 C<blocks>

 my $blocks_ar = $dwg->blocks;

Get list of blocks in DWG file.

Returns reference to array with CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::Block instances.

=head2 C<entities>

 my $entities = $dwg->entities;

Get list of entities in DWG file.

Returns CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::RealEntities instance.

=head2 C<header>

 my $header = $dwg->header;

Get header of DWG file.

Returns instance of CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::Header object.

=head2 C<layers>

 my $layers_ar = $dwg->layers;

Get list of layers in DWG file.

Returns reference to array with CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::Layer instances.

=head2 C<linetypes>

 my $linetypes_ar = $dwg->linetypes;

Get list of line types in DWG file.

Returns reference to array with CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::Linetype instances.

=head2 C<styles>

 my $styles_ar = $dwg->styles;

Get list of styles in DWG file.

Returns reference to array with CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::Style instances.

=head2 C<views>

 my $views_ar = $dwg->views;

Get list of views in DWG file.

Returns reference to array with CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::View instances.

=head2 C<block_entities>

 my $block_entities = $dwg->block_entities;

Get list of block entitites.

Returns CAD::Format::DWG::AC1006::RealEntities instance.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

L<IO::KaitaiStruct>.

=head1 REPOSITORY

L<https://github.com/michal-josef-spacek/CAD-Format-DWG-AC1006.git>

=head1 AUTHOR

Michal Josef Špaček L<mailto:skim@cpan.org>

L<http://skim.cz>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

© 2021-2023 Michal Josef Špaček

BSD 2-Clause License

=head1 VERSION

0.01

=cut
